I'm Domino magician shown you a simple
carteret you can do at home showing your
parents or friends and they'll be
throw-in entertained on the shore okay
so you want to go pick a card any card
okay let's say go that one okay that's
real card yeah I looked at it okay I've
not looked to that card have I not look
to that card don't put that down there
okay see there's my calls again you want
to put this in the middle as so and I
popped it in the middle there now I'm
gonna put this bar my back and I want to
do where it's going to be the only card
all the way up okay so they're behind my
back okay within three clicks it will be
the other way up so one two three okay
as you can see okay as i'll go through
here
that's only card so Oh got it wrong
there's a your card yeah it is isn't it
yeah cool cards in it I struck out
shortly please head is yeah I'm so i'll
be doing that trick around where I live
hopefully over anybody else and we will
are now so I will try and get more
videos up of other bits at how other
people react to how all of this so yeah
I hope you enjoyed it um I hope I said
before I really hope you enjoyed it and
if you liked it please give a like and
subscribe if you really really liked it
and just leave a comment to tell me how
I did okay thank